apps/docs/docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Welcome to Petk Documentation

**Petk** is a powerful template toolkit designed for modern development workflows. This documentation follows the Diátaxis framework to help you find exactly what you need, when you need it.

## Getting Started

New to Petk? Start with our [Learning](./learning/) section for step-by-step tutorials and guides.

## Need Help?

Having trouble with something specific? Check our [Problem-Solving](./problems/) section for solutions to common issues.

## Quick Reference

Looking for specific technical details? Our [Reference](./reference/) section has comprehensive API documentation and configuration details.

## Understanding Petk

Want to understand the concepts and design decisions behind Petk? Explore our [Explanation](./explanation/) section for architectural insights.

## What is Petk?

Petk is a template toolkit that provides:

- **Template Engine**: Powerful templating with dynamic content inclusion
- **Markdown-to-YAML Converter**: Transform documentation into structured data
- **CLI Tools**: Command-line interface for easy integration
- **Monorepo Architecture**: Clean, maintainable codebase structure

## Navigation Guide

This documentation is organized into four main sections based on what you're trying to accomplish:

### 📚 Learning
Step-by-step tutorials and guides for newcomers. Start here if you're new to Petk or want to learn specific workflows.

### 🔧 Problems
Solutions to specific issues and troubleshooting guides. Use this when you're stuck on something particular.

### 📖 Reference
Technical reference, API documentation, and configuration options. Use this for quick lookups and detailed specifications.

### 💡 Explanation
Concepts, architectural decisions, and design philosophy. Use this to understand the "why" behind Petk's design.

---

Ready to get started? Choose the section that matches your current goal.

Commit message:

feat: Enhance documentation for Petk CLI and Converter API
- Updated CLI reference to include implementation status and detailed command features.
- Added Converter API reference with comprehensive details on conversion capabilities, options, and examples.
- Introduced Template Syntax reference covering variable substitution, directives, and advanced features.
- Improved error handling and troubleshooting sections across documentation.

apps/docs/docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Welcome to Petk Documentation

**Petk** is a comprehensive CLI toolkit designed specifically for prompt engineering workflows and template-driven content management. This documentation follows the Diátaxis framework to help you find exactly what you need, when you need it.

## Getting Started

New to Petk? Start with our [Learning](./learning/) section for step-by-step tutorials and guides.

## Need Help?

Having trouble with something specific? Check our [Problem-Solving](./problems/) section for solutions to common issues.

## Quick Reference

Looking for specific technical details? Our [Reference](./reference/) section has comprehensive API documentation and configuration details.

## Understanding Petk

Want to understand the concepts and design decisions behind Petk? Explore our [Explanation](./explanation/) section for architectural insights.

## What is Petk?

Petk is a prompt engineering toolkit that provides:

- **Advanced Template Engine**: Dynamic content inclusion with glob patterns, variable substitution, recursive processing, and cycle detection
- **Markdown-to-YAML Converter**: Transform documentation into structured data with multimodal content support and rich document analysis
- **CLI Tools**: Complete command-line interface for template processing, validation, conversion, and watch mode development
- **Monorepo Architecture**: Clean, maintainable TypeScript codebase with modular package structure

## Key Capabilities

### Template Processing
- Complex include blocks with YAML configuration
- Glob pattern matching with multiple sorting options (alphabetical, last updated)
- Deterministic content sampling and depth limit controls
- Variable substitution with recursive resolution
- Comprehensive cycle detection and error handling

### Content Conversion
- Markdown to YAML transformation with AST processing
- Multimodal content detection and handling
- Rich document structure analysis
- Robust error reporting and recovery

### Development Integration
- Watch mode for real-time template processing
- Template validation and error reporting
- Project initialization and configuration management
- Seamless integration with modern development workflows

## Navigation Guide

This documentation is organized into four main sections based on what you're trying to accomplish:

### 📚 Learning
Step-by-step tutorials and guides for newcomers. Start here if you're new to Petk or want to learn specific workflows.

### 🔧 Problems
Solutions to specific issues and troubleshooting guides. Use this when you're stuck on something particular.

### 📖 Reference
Technical reference, API documentation, and configuration options. Use this for quick lookups and detailed specifications.

### 💡 Explanation
Concepts, architectural decisions, and design philosophy. Use this to understand the "why" behind Petk's design.

---

Ready to get started? Choose the section that matches your current goal.
